When we make a female lead movie, everyone labels it as a feminist movie. But even then those movies just portray how a woman challenges society and comes forward in life. Society can't accept even that and rates the movie so low. Then what about this nonsense movie. Is this not a misogynist movie. How many movies like this are shown to insult women and objectify them. Why is no one labelling such movies as misogynist when it actually is. Why are we still showing women as objects in such kind of movies. What is it with movies like Kabir Singh and Animal. This movie is so disgusting, it shows how ranbir is in real life. Look at the movies alia chooses and look at the movies this useless fellow chooses. He either chooses a playboy movie or a movie where he objectifies women. Poor alia to be married to such a misogynist.
%%
Man. Ranbeer kapoor, and his pind brothers, what a lit and elite squad. Absolutely run havon in the city.

Vanga simply says it bluntly on everyones face, i will dare to do what i want and show what i want and he has done that.

Vangas vision is completely fulfilled by ranbeer and all other actors. Movie becomes little boring in 2nd half. But the finale is good. It is about the real man to man fight.

Am still in awe of ranbeers role. This is his best acting till date. Kudos to all. Rashmika did grt in her part as well as anil kapoor. Bobby has also done good. This is a must watch theater exprnc.
%%
The movie is ridiculously bad. Keep the misogyny aside (which is absolutely horrid), the movie is still looks like a headless chicken running around. There is absolutely no story. I wanted to leave the theatre on so many occasions, yep, it was that ridiculous.

There is such a lack of logic as well! Ranbir Kapoor is in supreme health just a short while after getting a HEART TRANSPLANT and beats the hell out of Bobby Deol. Ranbir is killing 200 men alone while his Sikh brothers are singing in the background. Heights of stupidity.

Please do not watch the movie and give it attention that it clearly does not deserve.
%%
Just Watched Animal, Hold the Breath. It's a BLOODSHED BLOCKBUSTER...Ranbir's daring & dashing performance never seen in screen before. Just nailed the role! He is really a versatile actor. He did this with so intensity. Bobby Deol is in beast mode. Rashmika got a decent role. This is a masterpiece by SandeepReddyVanga and Ranbir Kapoor which will remain in everyone's heart for years and years... Remember the name Sandeep Reddy Vanga. All hail pride of our TFI . Special mention to my brother Harshavardhan Rameshwar knew him since ArjunReddy days.what a BGM man that interval fight goosebumps guaranteed with this film SRV will enter to next league of filmmakers in Indian cinema, HUGE EXPECTATIONS will be on Spirit now. In this web series era where people sit hours and hours to watch their fav genre we can easily spend and watch those extra 15-20.